
Q1: The chi-sqared GOF test compares the frequency distribution of a discrete or categorical variable with the...

a: frequencies of a NULL disribution
b: random generated freqiencies of a normal distribution
c: freqiencies expected from a probability model


Q2: What are the assumptions of Chi2 test?
a) Continuous sample of the population
b) Each cell has a count greater than 1
c) At most 20% of the cells have expected values > 5
d) The data sample is random.

Q3: In a poisson distribution, events have an equal probability of occuring in a time/space unit,
and each event depends on the occurrence of the previous (events are not independent).
a) True
b) False

Q4: The odds of success in contingency analysis represent the probability of there being a
correlation between two categorical variables.
a) True
b) False

Q5: The Chi2 contingency test makes it possible to...
a) Compute the correlation between two categorical variables
b) Test the null hypothesis that the correlation between two categorical variables is 0
c) Test the null hypothesis that two categorical variables are independent
d) Test the null hypothesis that two continuous variables are independent

Q6: Fishers exact test for contingency is usefull when:
a) The expected frequencies for Chi2 are mostly small, with over 20% being under 5.
b) The value obtained by Chi2 does not give the result we want
c) There are expected frequencies less than 1.
d) We want to check the independence of three or more variables.

Q7: A clinical trial is an experimental study involving
a) Humans
b) Monkeys
c) Rats
d) Frogs

Q8: Experimental design is used to:
a) Eliminate bias
b) Increase standard deviation of the data
c) Reduce sampling error
d) Testing effects of one variable on another

Q9: Fisher's exact test calculates an exact p-value for the test of indepencence of two variables in a 3 X 3 table.

a: TRUE
b: FALSE

Q10: BLocking in a clinical trail is...

a: when the study is carried out on multiple independent participants
b: when participants are grouped according to the clinic they attended
c: when the study includes both the treatment of interest and a control group
d: when the study groups the factors to make an equal baseline

